fix: `PartialSoundboardSound` equality check (#3262)
Pycord-Development/pycord: CHANGELOG.md

  ([#3231](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/3231))
- Allow `ForumTag` to be created without an emoji.
  ([#3245](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/3245))

> - Fix `TypeError` when checking equality of two `PartialSoundboardSound` instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a type error when checking equality of two `PartialSoundboardSound` instances.
```
